README.md, before:

##Portal Control
> gesture controlled video feedback installation
___________________

#####see [Portal Control wiki](https://github.com/VideoAlchemy/portal-control/wiki) for detailed dev docs, including tech and feature specs, study notes and tutorials.

________________________________
###Overview
Portal Control is an interactive video installation where implicate order and computational feedback emerge from the individual and collective behaviors of participants.

_________________________________________

##[Shared doc for the visuals team](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ob_se0SsQ8vo-zfbqum9-aZ8LHm4XTG3tVy2hwaRi_w/edit#)

##[photos of the site](https://plus.google.com/photos/+PeterTjeerdsma/albums/6113277440510066033)

___________________________

##Chabot specs:

###Chabot Tech Specs:
- 2 [Optima projectors] 1024x768 fed via independent HDMI cables
- 10 foot extension for Kinect (TBD).  time to test mine
- remote control of the mac mini:
     - either controlled via screen share from laptop on a 50 foot ethernet cable
     - or controlled from bluetooth keyboard and bluetooth trackpad (preferred but command central may be too far from mac mini, or signal may be impeded.  will require testing)


###Chabot feature specs:
- [ ] display underlying image
- [ ] silouette determines the feedback zones of underlying image (w/o emergent shape).  After viewing images of the space, it occurs to me that the image projected on the floor is small compared to the space.  If Kinect and Projector are aligned, the functional interaction space shrinks to the size of the image, eliminating all other in the space.  Potentially a good idea.  


________________________________

#####devLog-2015-03-11
- [ ] convert images to 1024, 768 at 72 DPI
- [ ] display image
- [ ] create feedback using get
- [ ] create feedback using pixel array
- [ ] 



___________________________
[Optima projectors]:http://www.projectorreviews.com/optoma/optoma-zx210st-short-throw-ledlaser-dlp-projector-review/

Commit message:

added angel images and examples sketches for feedback loops

README.md, after:

##Portal Control
> gesture controlled video feedback installation
___________________

#####see [Portal Control wiki](https://github.com/VideoAlchemy/portal-control/wiki) for detailed dev docs, including tech and feature specs, study notes and tutorials.

________________________________
###Overview
Portal Control is an interactive video installation where implicate order and computational feedback emerge from the individual and collective behaviors of participants.

_________________________________________

##[Shared doc for the visuals team](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ob_se0SsQ8vo-zfbqum9-aZ8LHm4XTG3tVy2hwaRi_w/edit#)

##[photos of the site](https://plus.google.com/photos/+PeterTjeerdsma/albums/6113277440510066033)

___________________________

##Chabot specs:

###Chabot Tech Specs:
- 2 [Optima projectors] 1024x768 fed via independent HDMI cables
- 10 foot extension for Kinect (TBD).  time to test mine
- remote control of the mac mini:
     - either controlled via screen share from laptop on a 50 foot ethernet cable
     - or controlled from bluetooth keyboard and bluetooth trackpad (preferred but command central may be too far from mac mini, or signal may be impeded.  will require testing)


###Chabot feature specs:
- [ ] videdScale = 1.6  //ratio of source images (640x480) to the output screen (1024x768)
- [ ] display underlying image
- [ ] silouette determines the feedback zones of underlying image (w/o emergent shape).  After viewing images of the space, it occurs to me that the image projected on the floor is small compared to the space.  If Kinect and Projector are aligned, the functional interaction space shrinks to the size of the image, eliminating all other in the space.  Potentially a good idea.  


________________________________

#####devLog-2015-03-11
- [ ] convert images to 1024, 768 at 72 DPI
- [ ] display image
- [ ] create feedback using get
- [ ] create feedback using pixel array


___________________________
####functions

#####copy(); 
- copies portion of display window and places it back into display
- or copies portion of source image and places into display window
```
// copy from processing screen back to processing screen
copy(sx, sy, sw, sh, dx, dy, dw, dh); 

// copy from srcImage to processing screen
copy(srcImage, sx, sy, sw, sh, dx, dy, dw, dh); 
```








___________________________
[Optima projectors]:http://www.projectorreviews.com/optoma/optoma-zx210st-short-throw-ledlaser-dlp-projector-review/
